Some people just hang around.
ignorant
He would only reach out and ask for money at home
Still laughing at others here
I laughed so hard.
Who are you talking about?
Kind of you make it clear
I'm talking about you two losers.
You trash who just wants to eat soft rice
Dare to have a banquet at our Zhang family
So humiliating to our couple
Get out of here now
Or I'll have you thrown out
Uncle asked me to stay
What are you?
Also worthy of letting me go
I wanted to save some face
Let yourself leave voluntarily
I didn't expect you to be so shameless
Then I'm not welcome.
Xiao Wuji, my sister's blind date today is
Jiang Wenxing, the eldest son of the Jiang family, the first wealthy family in Beihai
The Jiang family has been in the Qing Dynasty for more than 300 years
It also has a bloodline relationship with the Xia royal family
The power background behind it is far beyond your imagination
Trash like you who only wants to rely on women to rise to the top
Not even as good as mice in the sewer
If Sister Mingyu is favored by Jiang Wenxing
That is the real flight to the branches and become a phoenix
And our Zhang family will also follow the chickens and dogs to ascend to the sky
Become the top wealthy family in Beihai
Xiao Wuji, I advise you to get out of here quickly
Otherwise, you will only embarrass yourself
Shut up
What kind of decency does it make to be noisy?